README.md, before:

# webstacker

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/webstackerio/Lobby](https://badges.gitter.im/webstackerio/Lobby.svg)](https://gitter.im/webstackerio/Lobby?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)
[![PRs welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](http://makeapullrequest.com)

🥞The missing web stack generator tool for modern webpapps!

Have you ever wondered what would be the best webapp stack to start your new project? Are you curious about the most used technologies? Do you want to quickly start our entire stack with one easy set of stack configuration? *webstacker* got your back.

## How it works
For more information about the functional requirements and user cases for the webstack base app, please refer to our [Wiki](https://github.com/hugomn/webstacker/wiki)

## Current Stack (⭐️community based) 

### Mountain lion (Mysql - Java - React)
* Database: MySql
* Backend: Java 8
* Frontend: React 16
* Mobile: React Native 0.55

[Download](https://github.com/hugomn/webstacker) - [Install](https://github.com/hugomn/webstacker)

## Stack layers

### Server-side
Server side is the umbrella term used for layers where servers and applications manage data and business logic. They are usually consisted by some of the following layers:

#### Databases
Definition of databases

##### Databases available
1) MySql
2) PostgreSql
3) MongoDB

### Client-side


## How can I help?

### [Voice your opinion][1]

Help shape this library by weighing in on our [RFC (request for comments)][1] issues. 

## Principles

- All kind of stacks are welcome

## Credits

Created by [@hugomn][2] and an amazing community of [contributors][3].

## License
webstacker is released under the [MIT License](http://www.opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

[1]: https://github.com/hugomn/webstacker/labels/RFC
[2]: https://github.com/hugomn
[3]: https://github.com/hugomn/webstacker/graphs/contributors

Commit message:

docs: Add description about the main stack

README.md, after:

# webstacker

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/webstackerio/Lobby](https://badges.gitter.im/webstackerio/Lobby.svg)](https://gitter.im/webstackerio/Lobby?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)
[![PRs welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](http://makeapullrequest.com)

🥞The missing web stack generator tool for modern webpapps!

Have you ever wondered what would be the best webapp stack to start your new project? Are you curious about the most used technologies? Do you want to quickly start our entire stack with one easy set of stack configuration? *webstacker* got your back.

## How it works
For more information about the functional requirements and user cases for the webstack base app, please refer to our [Wiki](https://github.com/hugomn/webstacker/wiki).

Webstacker will always have a most-voted stack, that will be installed when you run:
`npm install -g webstacker`
`webstacker init`

## Current Stack (⭐️community based) 

### [Name TBD] (Mongo - Express - React - Redux - Node)
* Database: MySql
* Backend: Java 8
* Frontend: React 16
* Mobile: React Native 0.55

[Download](https://github.com/hugomn/webstacker) - [Install](https://github.com/hugomn/webstacker)

## Stack layers

### Server-side
Server side is the umbrella term used for layers where servers and applications manage data and business logic. They are usually consisted by some of the following layers:

#### Databases
Definition of databases

##### Databases available
1) MySql
2) PostgreSql
3) MongoDB

### Client-side

#### SPA Frameworks
1) React
2) Angular
3) Vue.js

## How can I help?

### [Voice your opinion][1]

Help shape this library by weighing in on our [RFC (request for comments)][1] issues. 

## Principles

- All kind of stacks are welcome

## Credits

Created by [@hugomn][2] and an amazing community of [contributors][3].

## License
webstacker is released under the [MIT License](http://www.opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

[1]: https://github.com/hugomn/webstacker/labels/RFC
[2]: https://github.com/hugomn
[3]: https://github.com/hugomn/webstacker/graphs/contributors
